Privacy Policy
Last modified: July 10, 2023
Introduction
Humancore, LLC (" Company," or "we,") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.

This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website humancore.ai and when you use a Humancore service or app (collectively, “Humancore Services”), and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. This information remains your information. You provide a license to Humancore to use your information consistent with the terms in this and other related policies.

This policy applies to information we collect:

While visiting or using Humancore Services.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and the Humancore Services. It does not apply to information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
Any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on any Humancore Services.

Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use Humancore Services . By accessing or using any Humancore Service, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of a Humancore Service after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.

Children Under the Age of 16
Humancore Services are not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any information to any Humancore Service. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information to any Humancore Service or on or through any of its features. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at: info@humancore.ai

California residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights regarding the collection and sale of their personal information. Please see Your California Privacy Rights for more information.

Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Humancore Services, including information:

By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("personal information");
That is about you but individually does not identify you; and/or
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We collect this information:

Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.

Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:

Information that you provide by filling in forms in a Humancore Service. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use the Humancore Service, subscribing to our service, posting material, surveys, tests, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with any Humancore Service.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.

You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of a Humancore Service, or transmitted to other users of the Humancore Service or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Humancore Services with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.

Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
As you navigate through and interact with our Humancore Services, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:

Details of your visits to the Humancore Service, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Humancore Service.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, device type, and browser type.

We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). Contact info@humancore.ai to opt out or for information on how you can opt out of behavioral tracking on this website and how we respond to web browser signals and other mechanisms that enable consumers to exercise choice about behavioral tracking.

The information we collect automatically does include personal information, or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Humancore Services and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:

Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Create aggregated profiles for use by other users of our Website.
Use your profile in services for other users of our Website.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.

The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:

Cookies (or browser cookies).A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of a Humancore Service. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Humancore Services.
Web Beacons. Pages of our Humancore Services and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on a Humancore Service are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Humancore Services. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.

We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.


How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:

To train classifiers and other machine-learning algorithms.
To present our Humancore Services and its contents to you and other users.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
TTo fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account, including expiration and renewal notices.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to any Humancore Services or any products we offer or provide through them.
To allow you and other users to participate in interactive features on our Humancore Services.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.

Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.

We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:

To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Humancore, LLC's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Humancore, LLC about our Humancore Services users is among the assets transferred.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.

We may also disclose your personal information:

To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Humancore, LLC, our customers, or others.

Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:

Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising.We do not share your information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes. Any changes to this Privacy Policy that affects the sharing of your information for third-party advertising must be opt-in by you.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the order/registration form) or at any other time by logging into a Humancore Services and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an email stating your request to info@humancore.ai. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience, or other transactions.
Targeted Advertising. If you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according to our advertisers' target-audience preferences, you can opt out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the order/registration form) or at any other time by logging into the Humancore Service and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an email stating your request to info@humancore.ai.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's website.

Nevada residents who wish to exercise their sale opt-out rights under Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A may submit a request to this designated address: info@humancore.ai. However, please know we do not currently sell data triggering that statute's opt-out requirements.

Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Humancore Service and visiting your account profile page.

You may also send us an email at info@humancore.ai to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.

If you delete your User Contributions from a Humancore Service, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Humancore Service, including User Contributions, is governed by our Terms of Use of the Humancore Service.


Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions and information you provide will be encrypted.

The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of a Humancore Service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.

Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Humancore Services. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained within any Humancore Services.


Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on our website home page or through a notice, such as via email or a Humancore Service. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by email to the primary email address specified in your account, through a notice on our home page, and/or a notice through the Humancore Service. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically using our Humancore Services and visiting this privacy policy to check for any changes.


Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
